# Oriondrive

Oriondrive is a REST (Representational State Transfer) API by Linn Friberg, which aims to generate music with text-to-speech voice, with the text generated by various algorithms and AI models. The project grew out of artistic collaboration with [Thomas Jackson Park](https://github.com/Mystified131), a co-creator of the [GenerIter SDK](https://github.com/GridPresence/GenerIter), and it all started from a creative block Linn was experiencing when Thomas asked her to contribute vocals to his music. Since the music material by Thomas was purely algorithmic/generative, Linn decided to play with back then newly released GPT-2 model by OpenAI and feed the output to the speech synthesizer, and make literally all the other aspects of music making generative, even cover artwork. This train of thought, coupled with her interest in machine learning and full-time studies of statistics and data analysis, led her to the idea of creating the software backbone supporting this functionality, and developing it as a hobby project in parallel with her studies, aiming towards generation of fully produced tracks with voice and text provided by models trained on her own datasets. Basically, the "vocalist" should be able to talk/rap/ramble about the topics that the user would choose, with specific word choices, and the music background should be provided by the GenerIter SDK, rearranging/recomposing samples created by Linn and, probably, others. 

## Roadmap

As of now, a GET request without any params produces a wave file generated with the help of Amazon Polly text-to-speech, with the content provided by the "happy feedback" function of the `bhappyr` package, completed by the GPT-2 model trained by DeepAI. The custom prompt functionality, the option of having Markov chain models, pre-trained by Linn for specific topics on specific datasets and providing "food for thought" for GPT-2, will be added in the next few months. Then, after getting satisfactory results, the GenerIter will be added to Oriondrive as a dependency as an attempt to make the whole thing work together.
